README.md, before:

# oga_controls (formerly AnberPorts-Joystick from [krishenriksen](https://github.com/krishenriksen/AnberPorts-Joystick) with additions from [johnirvine1433's ThemeMaster-Joystick](https://github.com/JohnIrvine1433/ThemeMaster-Joystick)
Emulated keyboard / mouse / joystick for the RGB10/OGA 1.1 (BE), RG351 P/M/V, RK2020/OGA 1.0, OGS, and the Chi

# How to build
## Prereqs
libevdev-dev

### Build
```
git clone https://github.com/christianhaitian/oga_controls.git -b universal
cd oga_controls
make all
```
# Howto
Launch with `sudo ./oga_controls your-program your-rk3326-device`.  Ex. `sudo ./oga_controls bgdi oga`

Allowed rk3326-device values = anbernic, chi, oga, ogs, rk2020

The **your-program** field is to provide support for force quitting a running app using assigned hotkeys.  For instance, using the minus key + start will force quit **your-program** on the rgb10.

# /etc/udev/rules.d
```
SUBSYSTEM=="misc", KERNEL=="uinput", MODE="0660", GROUP="uinput"
```

## Support the project

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/krishenriksen/AnberPorts/master/sponsor.png" width="200"/>](https://github.com/sponsors/krishenriksen)

[Become a sponsor to Kris Henriksen](https://github.com/sponsors/krishenriksen)

Commit message:

Add RGB10 MAX devices (code from @southoz)\nComplete the README.md file\nUpload the binary

README.md, after:

# oga_controls (formerly AnberPorts-Joystick from [krishenriksen](https://github.com/krishenriksen/AnberPorts-Joystick) with additions from [johnirvine1433's ThemeMaster-Joystick](https://github.com/JohnIrvine1433/ThemeMaster-Joystick)
Emulated keyboard / mouse / joystick for the RGB10/OGA 1.1 (BE), RG351 P/M/V, RK2020/OGA 1.0, OGS, and the Chi

# How to build
## Prereqs
libevdev-dev

### Build
```
git clone https://github.com/christianhaitian/oga_controls.git -b universal
cd oga_controls
make all
```

If you want some debug info, add CXFLAGS="-DDEBUG" to the make command line.

If you want some test info, add CXFLAGS="-DTESTING_LAG" to the make command line.

If you want to debug the code, add CXFLAGS="-g" to the make command line.

You can merge that flags too, example: CXFLAGS="-DTESTING_LAG -DDEBUG -g"


# Howto
Launch with `sudo ./oga_controls your-program your-rk3326-device`.  Ex. `sudo ./oga_controls bgdi oga`

Allowed rk3326-device values = anbernic, chi, oga, ogs, rk2020

The **your-program** field is to provide support for force quitting a running app using assigned hotkeys.  For instance, using the minus key + start will force quit **your-program** on the rgb10.

# /etc/udev/rules.d
```
SUBSYSTEM=="misc", KERNEL=="uinput", MODE="0660", GROUP="uinput"
```

## Support the project

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/krishenriksen/AnberPorts/master/sponsor.png" width="200"/>](https://github.com/sponsors/krishenriksen)

[Become a sponsor to Kris Henriksen](https://github.com/sponsors/krishenriksen)
